OK in the previous lecture we have imported the iris data that we have created the features and the
labels accordingly.
We have splitted the data set.
So as you can see 80 percent of the data set is for training and 20 percent of the dataset is for testing
purposes.
We have created the now run network model.
The optimizer is going to be an Adam optimizer with learning Grade 0 0 0 5.
What about the last function.
Here we are dealing with classification problems.
So instead of using mean square error or as a last function we have to use the negative log likelihood
loss function the negative log likelihood loss function is the same as the cross and propolis function.
Ok what's the difference between the two of them that the negative log likelihood have something to
deal with likelihood functions.
So the likelihood approach is very very popular in physics for example it has something to do with probability
theory as far as the cross and therapy approach is concerned.
It has something to do with information theory but they have the same result.
So we are going to use cross and truculence function because we are dealing with classification problem.
So that's why it is a categorical across central lost function the optimizer is the atom optimizer.
And we would like to measure the accuracy.
OK we feed the model so we are going to train our own network on the training data set.
We will make a thousand books with a batch size 20.
Okay what is the bet size.
We have been talking about bat size when dealing with still has the gradient descent.
So we came to the conclusion that the sand is going to calculate the overall loss across all the training
data set and then it calculates the gradient it south as far as hasty gradient descent is concerned.
We compute the gradient and the paramita vector update after every single training sample.
So if you use a subset of the original training data set it is schooled many best stochastic gradient
descent.
Of course we can use many Bache for any other optimizer or not just so has the gradient descent.
But for example for the atom optimizer.
So here we use an atom optimizer and we use a bat size 20 what does it mean that diablerie them is going
to consider 20 of the training samples.
So here for example the first 20 items.
So these items it is going to calculate the gradients and going to update the Parian meters of the now
we're on networks such as for example the educates and so on.
So this is called a mini batch instead of considering every single sample in the data set and updating
the parameters for a mini batch.
We are going to use just a subset in order to update these parameters.
OK so this is called the bat size as you can tune the paramita.
So feel free to change the bat size.
Feel free to change the number of box.
The learning rate for the atom optimizer and so on.
OK we just have to evaluate the model on that test dataset and we can printout the accuracy by the way
this results with zero when X is going to return the last function value and the index one is going
to return the accuracy that save it and let's run it let's wait for the algorithm to finish.
So as you can see the accuracy on the training data set is approximately 98 99 percent which is quite
good.
But of course we are going to evaluate the algorithm on the test dataset.
So it's very important to know that this is the accuracy on the training data set.
And this is the accuracy on the test data set as you can see 97 percent accuracy I guess we can make
96 percent accuracy with the help of random for us classifiers or support vector machines.
So that's why I told you that deep DB Now Real Networks can outperform machine learning algorithms.
So this is how we deal with it.
DB Now all the networks in order to classify the Iraqis data set.
Of course we can tune this algorithm by changing the number of hidden layers by changing the activation
function changing the number of.
Now rowans in the hidden layer changing the learning rate changing the number of app box or the bag
size.
Feel free to tune these barometers.
OK so this is how we create DB now.
And that works.
Thanks for watching.